# hello-world
The capacity of our brain is limited, but the information generated by the outside world is infinite. Information such as word symbols, colors, faces, expressions, relationships, clothing, space height, depth, various objects, etc., are repeatedly broken down into small pieces. The amount of information is beyond imagination. Not to mention, in addition to vision, there is other perceptual information such as hearing, smell, and touch. If people do not have the ability to forget things, it will not take us long to approach the limit of storage capacity like a computer hard disk.

The neural system is very energy-intensive, especially for active learning like memory, which is a very costly activity. "Forgetting" can act as a filter, discarding information that is less important. Each time we look for information, it takes both a lot of energy and a long time. Moreover, there is no guarantee that the search result is accurate or correct. That's why I invented a portable miniature device called "Eemory". "Eemory" is only 1.5cm X 2cm in size. It will automatically record the events of our lives and send them to the cloud for storage. We can use "Eemory" to find our lost sock or on some more serious occasions. The device can integrate memories from different people and restore the whole story. This can help the police to find lost children or track down criminals.

The device analyzes and compiles people's travel patterns, consumption records, and photographs to recreate the details of things people have forgotten in a 3D format. The device processes the newly acquired information and the past information effectively, allowing us to compress and distill universal and orderly information from the limited and disordered information, summarizing the unique patterns, laws and knowledge for each person. Our information is encoded, organized, and recorded on the device cloud. When we forget something, we can simply reactivate the data stored on the cloud to access the specific details of the information at that time. The device also pays close attention to user security as well as privacy. Only when the owner of the memories actively requests access to the information retrieval these memories are recovered and activated and become available for extraction.
